This drum set is relatively new.I got it last year.You can see that it hasn't been used that much and maybe you can even tell that I haven'teven set it up properly to be perfectly honest.Here we have a bass.
This bass is bought in 2020.You can see actually I have duct taped up here because those bolts used to rattle a littlebit.This has been very sparingly used but I love having it around because you know what areyou going to do if you don't have a bass?Here we actually have my Player Series Fender guitar.
This is a Made in Mexico guitar I believe made sometime around 2021, 2022.No before that.2020, 2021.It's a great guitar but you know it's not my favorite because my favorite, my go to is
my acoustic.This is a Washburn Comfort Series.You can see it's got some of the controls on the side with a nice spot that I can wedgein my pick in.I don't know what it is but it is very nice and the comfort series means that over hereon the edge where your shoulder goes over there's this kind of that smoothed over lipthat makes it very nice for user convenience.But that's enough about that.
Here something else I see is I have a chest board.This is a chest board that was gifted to me from my brother Andreas.It's a very nice chest board and very portable albeit a little large but it can fit in anysuitcase if you're bringing clothes around.Oh I do have more instruments actually.
Here's my Tiny Ukulele and it does what it does.I got this for Christmas once.It wasn't really meant as an expensive purchase or an expensive ukulele but its strings areholding up well.It still plays as you'd expect.So it's a pretty nice instrument.Here let's stay at the music theme for a bit.
I have this is my one amp.This is a Fender amp.What to say here it's the Mustang LT25.It is a very good amp.It's got a lot of options to it.Fun knobs.Obviously the important ones are gain volume treble bass and master.Those have physical knobs but then there's a whole UI behind it with this adjustableinterface knob and it's got 30 presets for different sounds and then you can even adjusteach of the sounds to change the reverb, change the delay and a couple other effectsthat I'm forgetting at the moment.
Here's my favorite MIDI controller.Probably one of the best selling MIDI controllers I've ever seen, the Akai MPK Mini.It has been largely neglected because I don't really produce music that often but if I needit I have it and that makes me happy.
In this case we're going to see we have an AT-AT20.I believe that's its name.An AudioTekka 2020.AT-2020 it is a perfectly reliable mic.It's a cardioid condenser mic.It says P48 on the side.I'm not really sure what that refers to but the model is definitely AT-2020.Some other cables around.Oh and how can I neglect the most important audio interface in the history of audio interfaces.
We have the Focus Lite Scarlett 2i2.Yes I have one.Obviously I have one.Every musician in the world has one.Finally for my music collection.I believe it's finally.
This is my Yamaha digital piano.It's a P515.It's a beautiful full-sized piano.Digital piano with wooden keys.Fantastic.This is very expensive.It was a really 1500 bucks.I'll read those down for you.It's got a few keys.It's got a few keys.It's got a few keys.It's got a few keys.It's got a few keys.It's got a few keys.There might not fit into the same categories.Here we see a massive TV.
This is a great TV.Let me tell you a bit about the story of it.It was purchased my sophomore year in 2019 where I was in a very small dorm.Much smaller than the room we're in right now which is saying something.I purchased this.My roommate had to talk me down from 75 inch to a 65.So that's what this is, a 65 inch television.It's a Samsung Quad HD smart TV.It's everything I want it to be and more.It survives to this day.That was five years ago.Great stuff.Just under it we see my poker set.
It's not a super important piece but you got to have a poker set.That's my opinion.It's a nice hefty one with hefty chips not the super light plastic ones.Here you can see the station.
What do we call that?The dock for my which.2018.The switch is not here it seems but you know somewhere around.PlayStation 4.
I purchased that after the announcement of the PlayStation 5.After the release of the PlayStation 5 I should say because I wanted to play the Spider-Mangame and I wasn't going to buy a console just to play one game but once the prices droppedit was more worth it.So for 250 bucks I could finally play my Spider-Man game and God I enjoyed that.It was a fantastic experience.Just to elaborate even more because we have to kill time.
Here's a couch that was purchased when my family first moved to Philadelphia in 2018although there's a chance it was purchased the year before in 2017.It's a pullout couch.It's a nice comfy sturdy couch.Kind of beige.I want to have more descriptors in here.I'm not really sure what to say.Here's Google Home.
We have two lamps as well.
Those two lamps have smart bulbs in them.I forget the brand but they are fantastic.RGB LEDs, smart bulbs that I can turn on it will change the brightness, change the color.It's fantastic.Here's my computer.
I'm probably working on it right now.It is a 2018 MacBook Air so it's an Intel MacBook Air.This video was recorded in the second half of 2024 so I've really been slow to get ontothese new Apple Silicon MacBooks which has been a shame.I wish I could do that.It will soon be neglected.Here we have a big mat.It has no birds.There's a hat on the ground as well.
I'm going to close it off with some of these funky rocks from Iceland.
I'm going to close it off with some of these funky rocks from Iceland. I did not purchase these rocks. I stole these rocks. Sorry Iceland government but I found these in the wild on beaches and they were in perfect condition. They probably could be sold for a hefty amount but I said you know what I want them. They made it back with me. They are fantastic rocks. It's hard to really describe. This one is a really smooth, small rock kind of one that you'd want to skip at a beach. This other one feels almost metallic in nature. It's a very odd rock. Every rock in Iceland is volcanic so it very much could have disproportionate amount of metal in there. Hard to really describe that shape. Kind of wedge shaped but if you could see it, you'd see that that's not the perfect description. This last one is shaped like a long cylinder I guess and it's porous but it's kind of just perfectly rounded everywhere. Perfect to hold and perfect to look at. That's my favorite one. Alright well I hope that you're able to design this in a neat fashion. Until then I'm going to keep working on it. 
